README.md, before:

# Jogendra Singh - http://jogendrasingh.me
My Portfolio (Under construction). http://jogendrasingh.me

## About Me
— I am a Third Year Integrated Dual Degree(B.Tech and M.Tech) student majoring Engineering Physics student at IIT(BHU), Varanasi. My major areas of interest are Web Development, iOS Development, Shell Scripting, Data Structure and Algorithms. I have also been exploring lately Server-Side-Swift, Django framework.

I am passionate about Open Source. I have good experience with GIT technology. I am actively open source contributor since Jan. 2017. My more than 10 projects are Open Source. I have been actively written documentation for new contributors. I have been contributed in big Organizations like FOSSASIA, IBM, IBM-Swift, Catrobat, wxWidgets, awesome-ios etc.

Earlier, I used to be involved in Web Development and iOS Development. I enjoy each aspect, and love building sites & mobile apps from start to finish.
I developed many front-end web applications. All web applications are responsive. I Developed small iOS apps which are available on my GitHub account for learning purpose. I have been created two Cocoapods. I am also working on iOS projects remotely.

I did my Summer 2017 internship at Vertex Infosoft working with C-Sharp MVC technology, Windows and Web Forms, PDF Controls and Optical Character Recognition.

I actively write on Quora majorly about Computer Programming, GitHub, Git, Swift(programming language), iOS Application Development, iOS, Open Source and many more topics. I am most viewd writer in Swift(programming language) and GitHub topic.

I am Joint Secretary of Club of Economics and Finanace, IIT(BHU) Varanasi for session 2017-2018. I am active member of this club since last two years, successfully organized many events inside campus and participated in other IIT's fests events.

I'm available for remote work - if you would like to build something together!

## Skills
- Web Designing Skills: HTML, CSS(Bootstrap), Javascript(jQuery, Angular), SQL
- Programming Skills: Swift, C#, Python, C/C++, Shell
- Technologies: Git, Xcode, Django, Microsoft Visual Studio, Microsoft SQL Server

## Projects
#### 1. Eat Sleep Poop App
#### 2. Technex 2017 Website
#### 3. Technex 2018 iOS App
#### 4. Spardha 2017 Website
#### 5. JSButton
#### 6. JSLabel

Commit message:

Added Eat sleep poop app info

README.md, after:

# Jogendra Singh - http://jogendrasingh.me
My Portfolio (Under construction). http://jogendrasingh.me

## About Me
— I am a Third Year Integrated Dual Degree(B.Tech and M.Tech) student majoring Engineering Physics student at IIT(BHU), Varanasi. My major areas of interest are Web Development, iOS Development, Shell Scripting, Data Structure and Algorithms. I have also been exploring lately Server-Side-Swift, Django framework.

I am passionate about Open Source. I have good experience with GIT technology. I am actively open source contributor since Jan. 2017. My more than 10 projects are Open Source. I have been actively written documentation for new contributors. I have been contributed in big Organizations like FOSSASIA, IBM, IBM-Swift, Catrobat, wxWidgets, awesome-ios etc.

Earlier, I used to be involved in Web Development and iOS Development. I enjoy each aspect, and love building sites & mobile apps from start to finish.
I developed many front-end web applications. All web applications are responsive. I Developed small iOS apps which are available on my GitHub account for learning purpose. I have been created two Cocoapods. I am also working on iOS projects remotely.

I did my Summer 2017 internship at Vertex Infosoft working with C-Sharp MVC technology, Windows and Web Forms, PDF Controls and Optical Character Recognition.

I actively write on Quora majorly about Computer Programming, GitHub, Git, Swift(programming language), iOS Application Development, iOS, Open Source and many more topics. I am most viewd writer in Swift(programming language) and GitHub topic.

I am Joint Secretary of Club of Economics and Finanace, IIT(BHU) Varanasi for session 2017-2018. I am active member of this club since last two years, successfully organized many events inside campus and participated in other IIT's fests events.

I'm available for remote work - if you would like to build something together!

## Skills
- Web Designing Skills: HTML, CSS(Bootstrap), Javascript(jQuery, Angular), SQL
- Programming Skills: Swift, C#, Python, C/C++, Shell
- Technologies: Git, Xcode, Django, Microsoft Visual Studio, Microsoft SQL Server

## Projects
#### 1. Eat Sleep Poop App
Eat Sleep Poop App is a simple logging app for parents of a newborn so they can monitor their babies health by tracking such things as breast feedings, poop, medications, vaccines and more. And best of all, it’s easy for parents to share their child’s profile with their pediatrician so she can view the child’s logs in her own Eat Sleep Poop App.

#### 2. Technex 2017 Website
#### 3. Technex 2018 iOS App
#### 4. Spardha 2017 Website
#### 5. JSButton
#### 6. JSLabel
